Update README.md about windows symlink fix (#5766)
RustPython/RustPython: README.md

git clone https://github.com/RustPython/RustPython
```

> If on windows, run the following to fix the `Lib/` directory symlink:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
RustPython uses symlinks to manage python libraries in `Lib/`. If on windows, run the following helps:
```

Does this make sense?

Also, as I know windows developer mode allows user to create symbolic links. Do you know if it also can be an alternative option of this?

Author: I'm not sure, this solution worked very well for me though.

Reviewer: @coolreader18 how about you? Is mentioning developer mode symbolic links support a correct description?

Reviewer 2: I think this makes sense, I'm pretty sure setting `core.symlinks` makes git make real symlinks using developer mode.
